CTOR-967 : November release note (#3745)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs-pp/current/integrations/plugin-packs/releases/release-notes.md

## 2024

### Novembre

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Enhancements" label="Enhancements">

> - [**Atrica Routeur**](../procedures/network-routers-atrica-snmp.md) - Added service discovery rule for connections mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Atrica Routeur**](../procedures/network-routers-atrica-snmp.md) - Added service discovery rule for **connections** mode.
```

> - [**Centreon Database**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-database.md) - Used the proper mariadb message when checking mysql replication state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Centreon Database**](../procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-database.md) - Used the correct MariaDB message when checking MySQL replication state.
```

> - [**EMC Data Domain SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp.md) - Added several new modes and services discovery rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**EMC Data Domain SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp.md) - Added several new modes and service discovery rules.
```

> - [**MySQL/MariaDB**](../procedures/applications-databases-mysql.md) - Used the proper mariadb message when checking mysql replication state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**MySQL/MariaDB**](../procedures/applications-databases-mysql.md) - Used the correct MariaDB message when checking MySQL replication state.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Breaking changes" label="Breaking changes">

> - [**EMC Data Domain SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp.md) - Changed modes name and dependencies paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**EMC Data Domain SNMP**](../procedures/hardware-storage-emc-datadomain-snmp.md) - Changed mode names and dependencies paths.
```

> - [**Linux Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-telegraf-agent.md) - Changed the inherited template to passive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Linux Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-linux-telegraf-agent.md) - The default inherited templates are now passive.
```

> - [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Fixed `exclude` option working as includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Fixed `exclude` option working as "include".
```

> - [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Fixed exclude options working as includes.

Author: ```suggestion
- [**PostgreSQL**](../procedures/applications-databases-postgresql.md) - Fixed `exclude` option working as includes.
```

> - [**Windows Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-telegraf-agent.md) - Changed the inherited template to passive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Windows Telegraf Agent**](../procedures/operatingsystems-windows-telegraf-agent.md) - The default inherited templates are now passive.
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Fix" label="Fix">

> - [**Amazon CloudTrail**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudtrail.md) - Fixed command for event lookup from community feedback [PR 5086](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5086).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Amazon CloudTrail**](../procedures/cloud-aws-cloudtrail.md) - Fixed command for event lookup, from community feedback [PR 5086](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5086).
```

- [**Eclipse Mosquitto MQTT**](../procedures//applications-eclipse-mosquitto-mqtt.md) - Fixed ` warning-regexp` and `critical-regexp` options.

> - [**HPE Primera REST API**](../procedures/hardware-storage-hpe-primera-restapi.md) - Fixed status handling & retry on invalid token from community feedback [PR 5256](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5256).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**HPE Primera REST API**](../procedures/hardware-storage-hpe-primera-restapi.md) - Fixed status handling & retry on invalid token, from community feedback [PR 5256](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-plugins/pull/5256).
```
